# Xtern_Prompt_DataScience

  I performed analysis on the given data for our VeloCityX app. The data itself was pretty easy to analyze and was clean enough. I dropped some of the duplicate values and any null values that were present in order to clean the file up. After that, I did some visualization to get an idea of our users and their involvement in our product. I realized that 20% of our users weren't making any purchases through our virtual merchandising system and we were missing out on possible profits from them. In order to present a solution for this, it was important for me to find out the reason why these 20% weren't buying anything from us. <br /> <br />
  I performed some analysis to find trends and patterns in our data. One particular trend caught my eye and that was the relationship between challenges participated by the user and the amount of sales made to that person. There was a positive correlation between the two columns. As the number of challenges participated by our user went up, the more likely they were to buy more items from us. The lower the number of challenges participated in, the lower the number of sales made. This meant that we needed a way to increase consumer interaction and participation in our app in order to increase our monetization. <br /> <br />
  Based on the data analysis and visualization, we need to make new challenges the users may be interested in participating. More participation is a higher chance of them buying some merchandise. A potential new fan challenge could be the **Engagement Challenge: Race Day Showdown** <br /> <br />
  **Challenge Structure** <br /> <br />
There will be daily challenges. Examples include "Predicting the top three finishers in the race", "Participating in live polls during the event (e.g., "Who will lead after the first lap?")", "Engaging in trivia about the race or teams". There will be a points system created for these challenges where users can rack up points. We can have a leaderboard set up that shows the top users and their points. This establishes a fun and competitive environment between the users, which users will see and become attached to. We can have rewards and prizes for the top users. One of these rewards can be a discount feature on the merchandise. This way, someone who recieves this discount will be more likely to buy something because they have a coupon.  <br /> <br />
**Predicted Outcome** <br /> <br />
These various interactive elements added to the app will help increase traffic on our app. Fans will be more likely to engage in our events and will increase the time spent on our app. This also helps increase the interactions the users have with our sponsorship ads because the more time they spend, the more likely they are to click on any of the ads. This in turn will likely increase our monetization. The challenges can encourage more sales especially with the discount feature that we add. Brands can also sponsor certain events/challenges after seeing the increased traffic which is another way to increase our revenue. The more users we have, we will have more data to analyze with more users and we can keep finding more trends like this for the future. <br /> <br />
The Race Day Showdown challenge aims to leverage user interaction data to encourage engagement and drive monetization. By incentivizing fans to actively participate during race events, VeloCityX can enhance the overall user experience while maximizing revenue opportunities through virtual merchandise and sponsorships. The success of this challenge can be measured through increased app engagement metrics, merchandise sales, and participation rates, which will inform future enhancements to the app’s fan engagement strategies.
